docs: update `README` of the plugin (#3)
eduNEXT/platform-plugin-teams: README.rst

Platform Plugin Teams
#####################

|ci-badge| |license-badge| |status-badge|

Purpose
*******

Open edX plugin that includes a custom teams API, which extends the
functionality of the Open edX default teams API. This plugin includes endpoints

> to create, delete, and list topics, and to add users (members) to teams.

Reviewer: Can we add in what capacity is the team's API extended?

Author: Done

Platform Plugin Teams
#####################

|ci-badge| |license-badge| |status-badge|

Purpose
*******

> Open edX plugin that includes a custom teams API, which extends the
> functionality of the Open edX default teams API. Compared to the default teams
> API, this plugin includes new endpoints to create and delete a topic and extend
> the functionality of list topics endpoint to include the list of teams of each
> topic. Also, extends the functionality of add a user to a team endpoint to add
> multiple users to a team using a list of usernames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open edX plugin that includes a custom teams API, which extends the
functionality of the Open edX teams API. Compared to the existing teams
API, this plugin includes new views to create and delete a topic and extends
listing topics to include the list of teams within each
topic. It also extends the functionality of adding a user to a team so
multiple users can be added to a team by using a list of usernames.
```

Author: Done
